---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wikijs_page Data Source - terraform-provider-wikijs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# wikijs_page (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `locale` (String) Language of this page
- `page_id` (Number) Internal ID of this page
- `path` (String) Path of the page (omit leading slash)

### Read-Only

- `author_email` (String) Email of the page last author.
- `author_id` (Number) User id of the last author.
- `author_name` (String) Name of the page last author.
- `content` (String) Content of the page (format is defined by editor)
- `content_type` (String)
- `created_at` (String) Creation date of this page (expect RFC 3399 timestamp)
- `creator_email` (String) Email of the page creator.
- `creator_id` (Number) User id of the creator.
- `creator_name` (String) Name of the page creator.
- `description` (String) Meta description of the page for search engines
- `editor` (String) Editor type of this page
- `hash` (String) Page hash computed by wiki.js (see: https://github.com/requarks/wiki/blob/db8a09fe8c267a54fbbfabe0dc871a2108824968/server/helpers/page.js#L71)
- `is_private` (Boolean) Whether this is a private page
- `is_published` (Boolean) Whether this page is published
- `private_ns` (String)
- `publish_end_date` (String) RFC 3399 timestamp, when an unpublish date is defined.
- `publish_start_date` (String) RFC 3399 timestamp, when a publish date is defined.
- `render` (String) Rendered HTML of the content
- `script_css` (String) Additional CSS to add to the rendered page
- `script_js` (String) Additional JS to add to the rendered page
- `tags` (Attributes Set) List of page tags (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `title` (String) Page Title
- `updated_at` (String) Update date of this page (expect RFC 3399 timestamp)

<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Creation date of this tag (expect RFC 3399 timestamp)
- `id` (Number) Internal id of this tag
- `tag` (String) The actual tag name. Use this string, when referencing a tag
- `title` (String) Display name of this tag
- `updated_at` (String) Update date of this tag (expect RFC 3399 timestamp)


