---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wikijs_renderers Data Source - terraform-provider-wikijs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The wikijs_renderers Data Source implements the WikiJS API query rendering{renderers{…}}.
  You can use this data source to manipulate only certain fields with the renderers resource.
---

# wikijs_renderers (Data Source)

The `wikijs_renderers` Data Source implements the WikiJS API query `rendering{renderers{…}}`.
You can use this data source to manipulate only certain fields with the `renderers` resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Use this data source to query the current setup and make changes in
# certain renderers. Note that this data source only takes an empty
# renderers list.
data "wikijs_theme_renderers" "renderers" {
  renderers = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `renderers` (Attributes List) List of renderers in the system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--renderers))

<a id="nestedatt--renderers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `renderers`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Map of String) A list of Key/Value pairs of config for each renderer.
  Some take none, others have a long list.
  You can use this field in the `renderers` ressource.
- `depends_on` (String) The `key` of the renderer, this renderer depends on.
  This could be `markdownCore` for a markdown renderer.
  The `renderers` ressource currently does not check against this, so make sure to activate them.
- `description` (String) The description of the renderer shown in the backend.
- `icon` (String) The icon of the renderer shown in the backend.
- `input` (String) What kind of input format this renderer takes.
  This could be for example `markdown`, `asciidoc`, `openapi`, `html` or `null`.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Either if the renderer is active or not.
  You can use this field in the `renderers` ressource.
- `key` (String) The unique identifier of each renderer.
  This is set in code and you can use this field in the `renderers` ressource.
- `output` (String) What kind of output format this renderer produces.
  This could be for example `html` or `null`.
- `title` (String) The title of the renderer shown in the backend.


