---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wikijs_site_config Resource - terraform-provider-wikijs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# wikijs_site_config (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `analytics_id` (String)
- `analytics_service` (String)
- `auth_auto_login` (Boolean) Should the user be redirected automatically to the first authentication provider.
- `auth_enforce_2fa` (Boolean) Force all users to use Two-Factor Authentication when using an authentication provider with a user / password form.
- `auth_hide_local` (Boolean) Don't show the local authentication provider on the login screen. Add ?all to the URL to temporarily use it.
- `auth_jwt_audience` (String) Audience URN used in JWT issued upon login. Usually your domain name. (e.g. urn:your.domain.com)
- `auth_jwt_expiration` (String) The expiration period of a token until it must be renewed. (default: 30m)
- `auth_jwt_renewable_period` (String) The maximum period a token can be renewed when expired. (default: 14d)
- `auth_login_bg_url` (String) Specify an image to use as the login background. PNG and JPG are supported, 1920x1080 recommended. Leave empty for default. Click the button on the right to upload a new image. Note that the Guests group must have read-access to the selected image!
- `company` (String) Name to use when displaying copyright notice in the footer. Leave empty to hide.
- `content_license` (String) License shown in the footer of all content pages.
- `description` (String) Default description when none is provided for a page.
- `edit_fab` (Boolean) Display the edit floating action button (FAB) with a speed-dial menu in the bottom right corner of the screen.
- `edit_menu_bar` (Boolean) Display the edit menu bar in the page header.
- `edit_menu_btn` (Boolean)
- `edit_menu_external_btn` (Boolean)
- `edit_menu_external_icon` (String)
- `edit_menu_external_name` (String)
- `edit_menu_external_url` (String)
- `feature_page_comments` (Boolean) Allow users to leave comments on pages.
- `feature_page_ratings` (Boolean)
- `feature_personal_wikis` (Boolean)
- `footer_override` (String) Optionally override the footer text with a custom message. Useful if none of the above licenses are appropriate.
- `host` (String) Full URL to your wiki, without the trailing slash. (e.g. https://wiki.example.com)
- `logo_url` (String) Specify an image to use as the logo. SVG, PNG, JPG are supported, in a square ratio, 34x34 pixels or larger. Click the button on the right to upload a new image.
- `page_extensions` (String) A comma-separated list of URL extensions that will be treated as pages. For example, adding md will treat /foobar.md the same as /foobar.
- `robots` (List of String) Default: Index, Follow. Can also be set on a per-page basis.
- `security_csp` (Boolean)
- `security_csp_directives` (String)
- `security_hsts` (Boolean) This ensures the connection cannot be established through an insecure HTTP connection.
- `security_hsts_duration` (Number) Defines the duration for which the server should only deliver content through HTTPS. It's a good idea to start with small values and make sure that nothing breaks on your wiki before moving to longer values.
- `security_iframe` (Boolean) Prevents other websites from embedding your wiki in an iframe. This provides clickjacking protection.
- `security_open_redirect` (Boolean) Prevents user controlled URLs from directing to websites outside of your wiki. This provides Open Redirect protection.
- `security_referrer_policy` (Boolean) Limits the referrer header to same origin.
- `security_sri` (Boolean)
- `security_trust_proxy` (Boolean) Should be enabled when using a reverse-proxy like nginx, apache, CloudFlare, etc in front of Wiki.js. Turn off otherwise.
- `title` (String) Displayed in the top bar and appended to all pages meta title.
- `upload_force_download` (Boolean) Should non-image files be forced as downloads when accessed directly. This prevents potential XSS attacks via unsafe file extensions uploads.
- `upload_max_file_size` (Number) The maximum size for a single file.
- `upload_max_files` (Number) How many files can be uploaded in a single batch?
- `upload_scan_svg` (Boolean) Should SVG uploads be scanned for vulnerabilities and stripped of any potentially unsafe content.


